Then I want this
Du Chen you bastard
Are you not afraid that I will expose you?
Discredit you
A slap doesn't make a sound
Even if you lose your reputation
I'm not alone.
Is this still the Du Chen I used to know?
No I want to calm down
Don't mess around
What!
I know you've been having headaches
I happen to know some ancient massages
If you promise me
I can help you treat it.
No.
Hey, where is sister-in-law going?
Du Chen
You can't fight the Du family
Stop it.
I heard you hid a lot of money from the Du family
No one knows about this deposit
How do you know that?
Take out these 11 deposits and buy virtual coins
I'll see the results tomorrow.
Now the virtual currency market is chaotic
If something goes wrong, it will be wiped out
I only have this 1 billion guarantee
I won't gamble with you.
sister-in-law
Do you think you still have a choice now?
Don't forget that you are my woman now
No right to question my decision hum